In the great green room, there was a telephone, and a red balloon, and a picture of the cow jumping over the moon. And there were three little bears sitting on chairs, and two little kittens, and a pair of mittens, and a little toy house, and a young mouse, and a comb and a brush and a bowl full of mush and a quiet old lady who was whispering “hush”. Goodnight room, goodnight moon, goodnight cow jumping over the moon, goodnight light and the red balloon. Goodnight bears, goodnight chairs, goodnight kittens and goodnight mittens. Goodnight clocks and goodnight socks, goodnight little house and goodnight mouse. Goodnight comb, and goodnight brush, goodnight nobody, goodnight mush, and goodnight to the old lady whispering “hush”. Goodnight stars, goodnight air, goodnight noises everywhere.

Then everyone slept.  The black of night crept over the land envolping everyone and everything.  The only sounds were of the disnant snoring of the sleeping inhabitents.  All of a sudden there was a loud bang in the middle of the great green room.  Every little creature was startled awake.  "What was that?" someone called out in a shakey voice.  "I don't know," another responded, "but lets go find out." (Mike Spreitzer)

Khailanii Slaton:
The two little kittens slowly got out of bed and went to check out the sound. They went down the hall, slowly they crawled, but the source of the sound could not be found. 
They looked at eachother worried, and back to the room they scurried so they could hide under the bed. Soon after the sound became louder and closer, which frightened the kittens even more. They inched together tighter until they were touching shoulders, shivering as a shadow approached the door. Then the figure began to move again, entering the room and approaching the bed and the kittens started to violently tremble. The kittens could then see the figure climing into the bed, and they both looked at eachother in shock, "the old lady!" they both thought. Without saying a word, both of the kittens sprang out from under the bed, prepared to protect the old lady. But they were relived to see that it was just the old man, coming in late from work, cuddling with the old lady as he too began to fall asleep. The kittens laughed as the moon who was watching the whole time shook his head."It was just the old guy," he rolled his eyes and said.
